ISPN-15286 Upgrade OpenTelemetry to 1.31 and remove okhttp in favour or the JDK lib (#11474)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/proc_configuring_tracing.adoc

<1> Enables tracing for all cache operations.
<2> Sets the exporter format. The OTLP (OpenTelemetry protocol) exporter is the recommended format to export tracing data.
<3> Specifies the service name associated with the generated tracing spans. The default name is `Infinispan Server`.
<4> Specifies the endpoint URL of the OpenTelemetry collector where the tracing data is sent. `4318` is typically the `http/protobuf` OTLP standard port.

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* link:https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/blob/main/sdk-extensions/autoconfigure/README.md[OpenTelemetry SDK Autoconfigure]

[discrete]
== Tracing data format
The {brandname} Server, by default, exports tracing data using the OTLP `http/protobuf` protocol.

.tracing.properties
[source,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----
otel.exporter.otlp.protocol = http/protobuf
----

> To use a different protocol, you must manually add more JARS or dependencies to the {brandname} server `lib` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a different protocol, you must copy  JAR files or dependencies to the `$ISPN_HOME/server/lib` directory of your {brandname} Server installation.
```
One more suggestion :)

Author: Applied. Thank you
